animals often look pretty harmless but
some of them could beat the stuffing out
of the most experienced boxing male
bighorn sheep arrange real duels where
only the largest is strongest and the
heaviest can win first they split off in
opposite directions they do this to
build up speed and then bam they smash
their heads together at a speed of about
15 miles per hour
the sheep's massive horns are their main
weapons they're heavier than all the
other bones in their body and they don't
break in battle because they're very
flexible horses have eyes that are among
the largest of any land mammal they have
almost panoramic vision
they're only blind spots are the area
between their eyes and the back of their
head so they're good at spotting enemies
horses fight while balanced on their
hind legs and here comes their signature
move a double kick with their hind legs
the blow from this is hard enough to
break bone the largest mammal in North
America the bison is a furious fighter
it can be up to 7 feet in height and
weigh about 2,800 pounds the Bulls
often fight over females and their duels
get very serious imagine two of these
gigantic creatures hitting each other at
a speed of 35 miles per hour they're
sharp horns help them fight while
they're mad at first to cushion the
blows meet one of the most professional
fighters out there the desert scorpions
like medieval nights that they wear
armor their bodies are solid
exoskeletons scorpions are armed with
sharp claws and a venomous stinger
scorpions don't go far from their homes
to hunt instead they just wait patiently
till their victim comes too close wolves
often fight over territory with other
packs these fights can be savage since
wolves learn to fight almost as soon as
they're born
groan wolf weighs about 80 pounds and is
armed with fangs the length of a human
finger
females are just as tough as the males
if she's the strongest she becomes the
leader of the pack
so they not only have alpha males but
alpha females as well the grizzly bear
is one of the most dangerous carnivores
in the world
these heavyweight champions often fight
over both females and food they have
muscles that give them the strength of
five adult men towering at a height of 8
feet Grizzlies lock their opponents in a
firm grip and try to give them a
devastating bite they target the loose
skin around each other's necks a large
males fangs can bite through a cast-iron
skillet you might not expect it from
this tiny animal but the mantis shrimp
has one of the strongest blows of any
living creature on the planet
the shrimp's usually grow to about four
inches in length but their punches are
powerful enough to break through thick
aquarium glass their secret weapon is
their amazing speed the shrimps claw
shoots at a speed of 23 meters per
second and generates a force nearly
2,500 times their own weight manda
shrimps perform their knockout blow in
just 200 microseconds which makes it the
fastest strike of any predator in the
ocean but these kicking machines don't
like to fight with one another and
prefer to resolve conflicts peacefully
good going guys
they perform something called ritualized
sparring the goal of this confrontation
is to show the opponent how strong they
are but it's more of a competition than
a real fight trap-jaw ant's are another
fast moving fighter this species earned
its name from their mouthparts that
clamp down on prey at lightning speed
the ants brawl then determine who's the
boss in their nest they can strike their
opponents about 41 times in the space of
a single Sackett it all happened so fast
that only special high-speed cameras can
capture their fights in detail
being a dangerous animal doesn't always
mean being fast though pythons for
example attack their opponents by
squeezing them very slowly when the
victim exhales these snakes
squeeze them even harder until they stop
breathing and then swallow their prey
whole brown hairs not the same species
as rabbits often fight in spring when
they compete for mates their encounters
can be seriously vicious the hair stand
on their hind legs and attack each other
with their policy which is why their
brawls look a lot like boxing matches
experts used to think these duels happen
only between the male's but it turns out
that the females can start fights as
well but in their case it's to drive
away their annoying suitors hey I want
to know if they get excited do the hair
stand up on hairs anyway the most famous
boxers in the animal world are of course
kangaroos when they fight they strike
and grab each other with their upper
paws so the ones with big muscles have
an advantage they can also strike a blow
with both their hind feet kangaroos
often fight for access to females or for
drinking spots their duels can be short
or long and ritualized
an Australian red kangaroo named Roger
is the species most famous boxing star
thanks to his muscular physique Roger
could knock out even very strong
opponents also he could easily crush a
metal bucket with his front paws Down
Goes the bucket Secretary birds may look
ridiculous but they sure know how to
kick they can send opponents to the next
world with a single stride the kick can
transmit a force five times the birds
own weight and takes just a fraction of
a second the secretary birds other
approach is to grab their prey fly high
in the air and then drop it to the
ground now I wouldn't call that very
fair but life is tough in the wild the
slowest fighters of the animal kingdom
are you guessed it
tortoises these reptiles bite push and
flip each other over this last thing is
a very serious matter for them once a
tortoise gets flipped on its back it
requires an epic struggle to get back on
its
feet and if the tortoise is down for too
long it can actually be really dangerous
its internal organs function safely only
when they're the right way up their
lungs are in the top half of their shell
so the weight of the other organs will
press down on them big cats such as
leopards are some of the most powerful
animals in the world
now they usually don't fight with each
other unless there's an important reason
but if another leopard tryouts to steal
their prey a spectacular fight begins
the outcomes can be very serious for
both animals these cats are extremely
dangerous but they have low stamina they
may stop for a breather several times
during one fight when it's over the
winner carries the prey off with a flex
and finally octopuses know how to fight
during battle they throw shells and
other things from the seabed at each
other to do this they use a siphon this
is a part of their body which water or
air flows in and out through it's like
the octopuses jet engine which helps
them move the octopus first gathers a
bunch of things in its arms and then
directs a stream of water from the
siphon to fire all the stuff at its
opponents by the way octopuses don't
have tentacles they have arms look it up
or just trust me on this one